Rename variable in examples for clarity (#23)
quiltdata/iac: README.md

}

locals {
  name                = ""

>   // You receive the build_file CloudFormation Template from your Quilt account

Reviewer: Should rename it in the comment, too?

Author: Sure.

>   // You receive the build_file CloudFormation Template from your Quilt account

Author: ```suggestion
  // Place a local copy of your CloudFormation YAML Template at build_file_path
```

>   // manager and check it into git

Author: ```suggestion
  // and check it into git
```
